all right you second it says it's
preparing a wet dream I it's on now okay
it is it's time for me to get away all
right everybody welcome to the June 4th
edition of the ipfs All Hands meeting
[Music]
let's see
Michelle is no ticker today and I am
moderating it looks like we've got one
thing on the agenda if anybody has
anything to add please add it quickly
and if you're missing the link there's a
link to the agenda in the chat so the
first item said there's not a name next
to it about go ipfs DHT who's that
that's me I just want to note that the
do you see if except now finally been
merged into focus s but unfortunately if
you notice I've DNS has a bit of an
issue where you can't publish happiness
records from or using keys that are not
your PRD don't think if you run to that
y-direction it works to some older nodes
there but to a couple versions there's
an extra validation added that it
doesn't work for keys that are not yours
here ID key it's a lot of fun I I would
like to ask are there complicated
hijinks in getting that to work again
are things like fundamentally different
is that going to have an impact on
whatever the really next releases yeah
so I'm gonna be working on a fix for
this now
I spent this weekend debugging things we
should be able to get a fix in fairly
quickly it'll be next release for sure
but yeah it's tricky
but the good news is if we get it
working right
my penis should be a good deal more
usable and then there's a couple other
things I discovered along the way that
might help
noticeably too which are separate fixes
but might sneak them in that was awesome
any other questions from anybody all
right in that case before we move on to
demos it looked like somebody maybe like
was adding a note about lid p2p okay and
in that case I think that's all we've
got for the agenda right now so then
we've got a demo for the serviceworker
gateway hey guys
seems young coal was really fast today
so I will share my screen first okay can
you see my screen yep yeah okay so in
the previous weeks I've been working on
the serviceworker gateway and basically
where it does it
I have an IPF s node running inside
service worker and the ipfs nodes acts
as a gateway similar to the go ipfs
gateway into the GSM FS schedule
so for example the NGO ipfs schedule and
for the all of you that aren't used to
it it's just you can just grab a file
with its ash and carrots so in my
implementation I have the same behavior
but inside the serviceworker so for this
demo I
deployed this in the GS ffs Dario which
is a project that is already being made
right now so it's like in its initial
state where my implementation is so in
the it is deployed in the day OTS that
ffs the Rio so basically if I initiate
the serviceworker okay now if I try to
grab Ashe similarly to what is being
done in the Gateway the regular gateway
it will work for example I I will show
you three three examples with a simple
file a directory listing the random
files and the directory containing an
index.html file so first a simple file
like this as you can see the same as go
implementation but using the
serviceworker
now the a directory please hey can you
show that there is a serviceworker on
that application yeah sure
[Music]
can you see my dev tools yeah okay so
let me it should close and open okay so
the serviceworker for the Blue Jays are
professor IO which is activated in his
running okay then you can also get files
from this directory as well and if you
try to get a directory from which
contains an index.html as you can see
now in the URL
it starts with getting the ash but it
will understand that there is a niche
and index.html and it will grab it
instead okay so index.html file yes so
basically I did something more than this
which is different from the usual
gateways I have also a stats page where
we can get to know where are some stats
of the like FS nose as well as the ashes
that have already been fetched so for
that I can get to ipfs slash stats okay
and as we can see there is there are
lots of informations from the nodes such
as it is running now since my demo it
started so four minutes ago we can see
also see the what is being reused in the
rep in the repo and in the bottom all
the ashes there I've fetched before info
we have it on slash stats instead of
slash ipfs stats this is that way you're
not having to inflict with the hash
namespace yeah I can I can change it to
to the stats to the route I think I also
talked about it and I agree that prowls
the the best way cost offer us okay and
that's it I don't know if there is any
other question as a hand yeah yeah so
like the very very exciting hand like I
was thinking about use case for or what
we have right now then with this
limitation and that we don't have like
foreign fetch or serviceworker
which means that all service worker to
work it will work only for requests are
made on the same origin that it's
installed for like my my idea was that
is it something that we could like wrap
into a nice drop in library for example
Avella purse could smoothly add to their
website and get the best ipfs support
for free because like the only
requirement for a website to take
advantage of this is to have assets on
ipfs paths right it's like so is it like
a separate repository or is it in the
JSI PFS io
it is in the serviceworker graduates
repository where you basically just need
to require it and you are ready to to
use okay okay that's good so yeah I
think if we provide provided browserify
bundle that could be you know like the
same way we provide ready for use
browser browser bundle for JSI PFS yeah
that would be like a very beneficial I
think adding like a build step and just
packaging it so that it can be like
access from the popular comic CD s right
yeah really really useful I think yeah
for now I have an example also here in
the rip where you where there is a build
step creates the bundle but yeah I think
it would be great strap it in the CDN as
the
yeah like it could be an interesting
piece for like people who have already
public HTTP gateway but that introduces
some strain on on the server that is
hosting the this gateway and on top of
that gateway the designer like the
developer of the website could add a
small script to the header that would
take those paths and use there's a TFS
that would be really great very very
exciting I don't see any more hands like
there the questions I have that we are
waiting for is to in the browser I know
there's like some okay cool so what I
was saying is with foreign fetch and for
people that are not familiar with
service workers or what has been getting
discussed is foreign patches when you
have like domain.com during requests to
be calm and in having the serviceworker
of b.com to capture at requests so
service rock is just really initially
proxy that you cannot capture the
requests change the responses cache
responses etc and we are putting an IP
FS node there and therefore instead of
the request for an HTTP gateway an HTTP
ipfx gateway going to a server which is
what happens with a episode I own the
serviceworker will capture at requests
used as a TFS and fetch the corner from
a network and reply so if you have like
local connectivity to other nodes you
can like fetch from your local network
or you can just like simply keep
catching the ipfs requests with foreign
fetch will be able to do things for
example we
the ipfs extension to capture multiple
websites that I like fetching ashes no
this is only just for my people I said I
yell but that from other gateways and
like the extension will be able to then
route to the serviceworker gateway and I
get just a single node to respond to all
the requests instead of like running
multiple nodes in your browser so that's
like very exciting but again the forest
fetch feature is still not there
the plan is like grabbing like vasco's
work and the GS that I posted on your
website and they have just said that
people say oh to be a gateway from like
a
jessica's demon and then add the option
for the user to click a button and I
switch the serviceworker gateway and so
that they people can like switch back
and forth and see how it feels
etc I know that flash cool motorized is
very much so I can string also to Al's
question maybe it's good to have a
diagram or like why is just a paper so
do what is the serviceworker gateway
what is i play fast HTTP response which
is another module that's you created and
now so like what is this package IP
first node in the serviceworker so it
makes it very easy for others to do the
same and I guess that's it for me I
don't see any more questions or comments
to what I've said so yeah thank you so
much for the demo
very exciting stuff yeah
looked like somebody had a last-minute
question about planning for the
developer meeting is there anybody here
who knows more about that since that's
otherwise been Matt I guess like we this
is going to be a multiple people answer
I can start by saying that so that
they're very is like multiple people
coordinating organizing the meeting
there's people responsible gistic
skating everyone they're like reviewing
applications etc and then there is
people that are responsible for the
content curation one of the things that
we will ask soon to everyone that is
going to participate and specially to
the working group captains is to really
like work with the other world in your
patterns and I quit the people
organizing the events to make sure that
we planned the sessions accordingly but
we we have the best content that we know
which decisions we
so make there what needs to be discussed
essentially there is three we post the
three public we post one is Goodell calm
ipfs slash comp and that is kind of like
an entry point it points to the repute
appear in ipfs developer meetings and
also the ipfs comp which will happen
later this year and then there is a very
kind of repo for the ipfs meeting and
the we peer-to-peer meeting and they are
the same name is developer - meetings
and one can be found on my PFS squash
developer meetings and the other one
would appear the developer meetings the
the you you can go already and go to
those repos and I open issue and ask
questions like if you already have like
ideas for sessions just just go and open
issues the the template for proposals
will come soon and perhaps mike has a
little bit more like inputs there go
ahead you know I don't have too much
specifically I'd be on that I mean so
the actual days are Monday Tuesday and
Wednesday are the ipfs event and then
Thursday Friday are the lip p2p event
and for the Limpy 2p what we're thinking
is the Thursday part will have
pre-planned sessions and then the Friday
part will be more like a non-conference
day with people proposing things kind of
on the fly I'm happy to answer any any
other questions those are kind of main
things I was gonna sort of the
announcement I can make on the lupita
because yeah it's that hopeful yeah that
was my question that was very helpful
thank you
any last-minute items
otherwise I think we've covered
everything in the agenda thanks
everybody for being here and we'll see
y'all next week
about everyone thanks for stopping